`azurerm_search_service` - support attribute `customer_managed_key_encryption_compliance_status` (#27478)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/search_service.html.markdown

* `id` - The ID of the Search Service.

> * `customer_managed_key_encryption_compliance_status` - Describes whether the search service is compliant or not with respect to having non-customer-encrypted resources. If a service has more than one non-customer-encrypted resource and 'Enforcement' is 'enabled' then the service will be marked as 'NonCompliant'. If all the resources are customer-encrypted, then the service will be marked as 'Compliant'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `customer_managed_key_encryption_compliance_status` - Describes whether the search service is compliant or not with respect to having non-customer encrypted resources. If a service has more than one non-customer encrypted resource and `Enforcement` is `enabled` then the service will be marked as `NonCompliant`. If all the resources are customer encrypted, then the service will be marked as `Compliant`.
```
